YJIT: update yjit.md, add MPLR 2023 paper and bibtex (#8861)
ruby/ruby: doc/yjit/yjit.md

> To cite YJIT in your publications, please cite the VMIL 2021 paper:

Author: ```suggestion
To cite YJIT in your publications, please cite the MPLR 2023 paper:
```
